1: if you have an allergy
3: give out a compliment and an insult
3: you and a person of your choosing act out a scenario of the group’s choosing. it must end in the two of you kissing: xi
3: dj for ten minutes by putting all your music on shuffle. drink to skip a song: i
2: who is most likely to hate their career?
3: subtract the number of people of the same gender you’ve slept with from the number of people of the opposite gender you’ve slept with. take that many drinks: x
1: if you’re from ann arbor (don’t take a hit. drink)
2: who has the worst music taste?
2: who refuses to admit when they are drunk?
3: put lipstick on the person across from you:
3: do a cartwheel: i
3: take a drink for every year of your largest age difference hookup: x
1: if you have had a crush on someone in this group
2: who is most likely to cry tonight?
1: if your bed is made right now
2: who is going to be the next person to crack their phone screen?
3: play a round of paranoia. when you’re done, press the back button: pi
4: tell your most embarrassing drunk story
2: who is most likely to be an alcoholic?
1: if you’re over 5’7
1: if you’ve watched the room
2: who is most homophobic?
3: let the person across from you do winged eyeliner on you: i
3: (don’t read this card out loud) queue riptide. if someone sings, they drink: i
2: who wants to have sex with timothee chablegoo the most. hate to hear it hate to see it: x
1: if you’re your parents’ least favorite child
1: if your favorite poet is robert frost
2: who is most likely to get a nosebleed at a party?
3: quick! the floor is lava! loser drinks: i
1: if you know all the riptide lyrics
2: who is worst dressed right now?
2: who is most likely to be a soccer parent?
2: who is most emotionally stable?
1: if you’ve fantasized about a sk8r boy
1: if you’re from the worst coast (florida or california)
2: who is most likely to get killed by a tinder date
3: if you like “arctic monkeys”, drink and play 505
4: get a sock from someone (anyone) not in this room: i
1: if you like theo katzman. no smoking bitch
4: read the last 5 things in your search history
2: who is most likely to get married first?
2: which pair in the room is least likely to hook up?: x
1: if you’re a born-again virgin: x
3: say your funniest joke. if nobody laughs, drink. if somebody laughs, they drink
3: play spin the bottle bitch!: x i
3: start a word association game. first one to stutter or repeat, drinks.
3: quote a vine or a tik tok on 3. if you say the same thing as anyone else, drink: i
3: tell your most embarrassing romantic experience. also drink please. you’ll need it
2: who thinks they have the best music taste
1: if you’ve done psychedelics: x
4: let the person to the right of you draw anything on your body in permanent marker. face isn’t off limits
4: who are you willing to have sex with in this room?: x
2: who has the phattest ass?: x
4: ask the neighbors for sugar: i
1: if your family makes over 100k a year before taxes
1: if you have had a rumor spread about you
4: prank call someone
3: play a round of bag mouth: i
4: what’s your most embarrassing middle school obsession?
1: if you had an emo phase
2: who is most likely to go vegan
4: if you’re your parents’ least favorite child
3: give out a compliment and a drink
1: if you’re from the best coast (florida or california)
4: search for a word of the group’s choosing in your messages and read the most recent convo out loud
1: if you wore hollister or justice in middle school
1: if you’ve seen alec baldwin. or another celebrity i GUESS.
2: who would you want to punch in the face most
4: whose eyeballs would you eat?
1: if you’ve dyed your hair
1: if you’re not wearing jeans
1: if you’ve seen twilight
2: who if you’ve used moisturizer today (not face. fuck you myles)
3: play a round of king’s cup
4: let the person to your left read your most recent sent text: i
2: who is most likely to lose all their money in vegas?
4: have you anal? would you?: x
1: the person with the longest last name gives out three drinks!
3: guess the person to your right’s body count. take a sip for every number you’re off.
1: if you own airpods
3: quick! pair up with another person. last pair to get into piggyback position drinks: i
2: who is most likely to be president of their gsa?
1: if you’ve been in a relationship, drink. twice
3: (don’t read this out loud) play nose goes: i
2: who is the main character?
2: who is most likely to go into porn?: x
3: how old were you when you lost your virginity. oldest and youngest drink: x
2: who is the antagonist?
2: who is the homosexual supporting cast?
2: who is the most conservative?
2: who is the biggest lightweight?
1: if you’ve had a dirty dream about someone in the room: x
2: who do you think kisses the best?
3: mystery shot. all alcohol available: i
2: is the best cook?
1: if your inside voice is an outside voice
3: play one round of suck and blow: i
2: who is the happiest person in this group?
4: let someone cut your hair: i
2: who is most likely to be a teen mom?: x
1: if you’ve fucked a white person: x
3: pick a number 1-10. if someone guesses the number, drink
3: talk in an accent until your next turn
4: remove one item of clothing (socks do not count)
1: if you’re an only child
1: if you did not drink last round
3: (do not read this out loud) impersonate the person two people to the left of you. tell the group to guess who you are: i
4: take a body shot from the person to your right: x
1: if you have a piercing besides basic
2: who have you most recently left on read?
1: if you’ve baked bread
1: if you’ve shoplifted
2: who would call themselves wallflower?
2: who has the worst movie taste?
2: is most likely to kill a pet?
2: who is always missing from group pictures?
2: who is the biggest Disney adult?
2: who is most likely to kill for money?
2: who is most likely to assault a cop?
2: who would you ask to help you hide a body?
2: who would you ask to bail you out?
2: who would you trust with a secret the most?
2: who would you trust with a secret the least?
2: who do you think would be the best rapper?
2: who is most likely to cheat?
2: who would be the best ex?
2: who is the most sexist?
2: who would you most like to be friends with benefits with?: x
2: who is most likely to never have orgasmed?: x
2: what two people would you want to have a threesome with?: x
2: who is most likely to have an std?: x
2: which two people are most likely to make everybody else in the room uncomfortable?
2: who is most likely to send streaks when they are in their 20s?: x
1: if you’ve had to talk to the police
2: who is most likely to fuck a professor for the grade?: x
1: if you’ve gone to class high: x
1: if you didn’t smoke in high school: x
3: take a sip for every drug you’ve tried: x
1: if you can name more than three strains drink and also shut the fuck up: x
1: if you’ve had a bad trip: x
1: if you’re a paranoid high (you know who you are): x
1: if you can’t handle being crossed: x
1: if you’ve gotten high in the morning: x
1: if you talk shit about the taste of beer but like to smoke: x
1: if you own a vape
1: if you have a fake
1: if you’ve made questionable decisions and blamed it on being drunk
2: who has the largest metaphorical penis?
2: who is most likely to drop out and become a dealer?: x
1: if you’ve been in a long distance relationship
1: if you’ve never worked a minimum wage job
4: text your mommy a selfie
3: everybody share your rice purity score
2: who do you think has the highest rice purity score?
2: who do you think has the lowest rice purity score?
4: attempt the renegade
1: if you’ve hooked up with someone in this room: x
4: go on obscurify.com. share your current top song and artist, and your top genre.
4: what is your obscurify rating?
2: who is most likely to end up on broadway?
2: who is most likely to get married for the money?
3: play a round of never have i ever
1: if you have a trust fund
3: hold hands with the person to your right for a round. enjoy the moment.: i
1: if you can crack your knuckles
1: if you can tie a cherry stem into a knot
1: if you prefer tea over coffee
2: who is the least athletic
2: who is the biggest flake
3: everybody doodle a person in the group. put all the papers in the middle of the group, face down. go through them and guess who drew it and who it’s supposed to be: i
4: who is your biggest celebrity crush?
3: the last time you lost interest in a person, what was the reason?
2: who is the worst at getting the hint?
3: would you give up animal products or oral sex?: x
1: if you’d never date someone shorter than you
1: if you’d never date someone taller than you
1: if you didn’t dress up last halloween
3: are you attracted to intelligence or dumbness? lol
4: order a pizza for the group: i
1: if you have tinder on your phone
3: if possible, switch from drinking to taking hits: x
1: if you’ve used the term “bruh girl” or “hey girlie girl”
1: if you have tik tok on your phone
1: if you have less than 1.4k songs saved on spotify
2: who is the most likely to become tik tok famous?
3: person who knows the most tik tok dances drinks
4: play a the first minute of the newest video in your youtube subscriptions: i
