1: if you’ve talked shit about someone in this room
3: give out an insult to everybody in the room
4: drink a raw egg
4: rank everyone in the room on fuckability: x
4: recreate THAT scene from harry met sally: x
4: if you had to betray one person in this group, who would it be?
1: if you’re unhappy
1: if you legitimately don’t think you’re a good person
1: if you have an on campus therapist
1: if you’ve cried after sex: x
1: if someone’s cried after sex with you: x
4: switch an item of undergarments (not socks) with a person of your choosing: x i
1: if you’ve slept with someone in the room: x
3: what’s your favorite quality about yourself. see how many people in that group dislike that quality about you.
4: let a person to your right text your current “thing”/interest: i
3: smell everyone in the room. say who are the worst and best smelling, but don’t say who’s who
2: who would be the worst in a relationship?
4: yell “i’m keeping the baby” somewhere where strangers can hear you: i
2: who is most likely to stay in an unhappy marriage
4: send a snap of you crying about you being adopted to the 10th person on your friends list
2: who is most likely to fuck up their kid emotionally?
4: (don’t read this card out loud) insult the person you find most attractive: i
4: list which (if any) people in this room you’ve had a dirty dream about: x
4: what’s the worst thing you’ve done to a person in this group?
3: eat the oldest thing in the fridge
4: go streaking: i
4: text the closest thing you have to an ex that you miss them
3: get slapped
2: who is not living up to their potential?
2: who are you least comfortable being left alone in a room with?
2: who would get a tattoo of their partner’s name and then immediately get broken up with?
2: who would date a friend’s ex?
2: who is most likely to never find love?
2: who is most likely to send an unsolicited dick pic?: x
4: do you think it’s better to kill an old person? be honest.
3: would you rather lose a leg or one person in a far away country dies? don’t answer out loud. just think about it and sit with your answer.
4: would you take a bullet for anybody in this room?
1: if there’s somebody you miss but they don’t know it
1: if, if your parents knew everything about you, they would disown you
4: what’s the worst reason you’ve had sex with someone?: x
1: if you’ve wished harm on anyone in this room because you were jealous
4: share some of your self destructive behaviors please!: x
2: who do you think has made the biggest mistakes in life?
1: if you’re not on speaking terms with your previous ex
1: if are worried about what the type of people you’re attracted to means.
1: if the person reading this has standards that are too high
1: if the person reading this is toxic in relationships
1: if you wouldn’t any friend date the person reading this
1: if you’re the reason your last relationship ended
2: who is most likely to get dumped and not realize it?
3: everybody but the person who pulled the card try to identify a pattern in the dating life of the person who pulled the card. be mean.
3: say something nice and something mean about the last person you were involved with
4: would you rather never speak to anyone in this room ever again or never get married?
1: if your parents are disappointed in you
2: who belongs in this group the least
2: who would you least like to introduce you to your parents?
